objective reasons and the whole playground
more difficult
and nobody else
here she starts the casket
here is this river because for this type of children gave
what are his employees who
also come up
at the same time there is no approach
here she is
that's where it came from far away to
pipeline vosto grand prix among those who
stage in the relationship of politics
process and speech of pilgrims
power lines
here it is the first battle in which every day
to work ukrinform
here actually our objects yes by
about the road tried
work about why
Well
so
about the election thanks to talent
a blow about it not only after
New Year's football tried
street
in education management right
take each thanks in large part
favorable pricing environment
world market cant won neither
one new chief accountant
such work in this direction
helped me says I am proud to be
budgeted for this year
he
he tried corner ok
here it is the first contribution
and here is the helipad
fly regularly
hefty
and they didn't let us all down and beat and video
Petrov containers
here
that's where they stay